c:\users\desarrollo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bonus.WebApiServices\Bonus.UnityResolver\bin\Debug\Bonus.UnityResolver.dll
c:\users\desarrollo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bonus.WebApiServices\Bonus.UnityResolver\bin\Debug\Bonus.UnityResolver.pdb
c:\users\desarrollo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bonus.WebApiServices\Bonus.UnityResolver\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\desarrollo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bonus.WebApiServices\Bonus.UnityResolver\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\desarrollo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bonus.WebApiServices\Bonus.UnityResolver\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\desarrollo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bonus.WebApiServices\Bonus.UnityResolver\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\users\desarrollo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bonus.WebApiServices\Bonus.UnityResolver\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\desarrollo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bonus.WebApiServices\Bonus.UnityResolver\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\desarrollo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bonus.WebApiServices\Bonus.UnityResolver\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\desarrollo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bonus.WebApiServices\Bonus.UnityResolver\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\desarrollo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bonus.WebApiServices\Bonus.UnityResolver\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\desarrollo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bonus.WebApiServices\Bonus.UnityResolver\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\desarrollo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bonus.WebApiServices\Bonus.UnityResolver\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\desarrollo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bonus.WebApiServices\Bonus.UnityResolver\bin\Debug\Unity.Mvc5.dll
c:\users\desarrollo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bonus.WebApiServices\Bonus.UnityResolver\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\desarrollo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bonus.WebApiServices\Bonus.UnityResolver\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\desarrollo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bonus.WebApiServices\Bonus.UnityResolver\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\desarrollo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bonus.WebApiServices\Bonus.UnityResolver\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
c:\users\desarrollo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bonus.WebApiServices\Bonus.UnityResolver\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
c:\users\desarrollo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bonus.WebApiServices\Bonus.UnityResolver\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\desarrollo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bonus.WebApiServices\Bonus.UnityResolver\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\desarrollo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bonus.WebApiServices\Bonus.UnityResolver\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\desarrollo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bonus.WebApiServices\Bonus.UnityResolver\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\desarrollo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bonus.WebApiServices\Bonus.UnityResolver\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\desarrollo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bonus.WebApiServices\Bonus.UnityResolver\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\desarrollo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bonus.WebApiServices\Bonus.UnityResolver\obj\Debug\Bonus.UnityResolver.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\desarrollo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bonus.WebApiServices\Bonus.UnityResolver\obj\Debug\Bonus.UnityResolver.dll
c:\users\desarrollo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bonus.WebApiServices\Bonus.UnityResolver\obj\Debug\Bonus.UnityResolver.pdb
